Data Science 
Denver, CO
Help a cutting-edge technology startup harness their data science tech to license it out to other companies. You'll work on tight-knit teams where you collaborate with Product Managers and Back-End Engineers. 

Top reasons this role accelerates your career:  
1.) This is the ground floor of something big. The team was named to the exclusive “Denver Gazelle” list, which identifies the fastest growing Colorado companies with proven success.
2.) It's a super high-caliber team. They’ve been picky about hiring, and every teammate has serious experience under their belt. 
3.)They're just now building the data team. This is greenfield. You're the first step in a new direction and your ideas are valued! 

The team: 
This is a fun-loving startup culture, but they've got a serious drive to get things done. Plenty are active, biking to work or hitting the gym during lunch. Flock visited and would describe the overall vibe as warm and benevolent. When they say there's no egos, they mean it.
Join the “Culture Club” to plan outings, the Community Involvement Committee to give back or help create the Junior Developer Growth Program if you love mentorship. 
Of the 50 current team members, 35 are technical. Tech stack is JavaScript on the front-end, Ruby and a little Python on the back-end, and native Android/iOS. Workflow process is Kanban Agile. The team right now is almost entirely senior. They are expecting many more hires over the next year, including some junior folks to mentor up. 

Benefits and Perks: 
Equity in the company. Full medical, dental and vision covered for employees, 50% covered for dependents. Short/long term disability and basic life insurance paid 100%. 401k with all costs covered. Parking paid for and smart phone reimbursement of $75/month. 
Most importantly the kitchen is STOCKED -- local cold brew tap, beer, snacks (including healthy ones like greek yogurt) -- and there's a huge sunny deck with a view to eat on. 

You might be their team’s missing puzzle piece if: 
1.) You're proficient in taking a bunch of data and making it valuable for a business. 
2.) You like the idea of a tight-knit team and collaborating across silos. 
3.) You've worked in a fast-paced startup environment before. 
4.) You are kind, thoughtful and levelheaded. No "but I'm a rockstar" attitudes allowed here.

Not for you, but still interested in Flock Fellow roles? See others here: http://www.findmyflock.com/nests.html